TeleOp 
# of stacks knocked down (plus and minus button with a counter)
stacks knocked down
Fouls (how do we want to do this?) (text box with foul points?)
What things can they manipulate (bin tote and noodles listed out with checkbox)
Recycle Bins
Totes
Noodles
Max # of crates stacked (plus and minus button with number displayed )
max number of crates stacked
Coopertition information (coopertition stack and coopertition set checkboxes)
coopertition stack
coopertition set
Go over scoring platform (check box for if it can)
goes over scoring platform
Where do they collect totes from (gathers from ground checkbox and from human player check box)
ground
human
Preferred place of  tote collection (gathers from center radiobutton and from human player radiobutton)
center
human
Pick up recycling bin (check box if it can)
already done under manipulate bin further up in the doc.
Tip bins? (checkbox if the robot knocks over any recycle bins)
tips over any recycle bins

Auto
Starting configuration (1,2,3 zone radiobutton)
1
2
3

Move things into auto zone (type, #) (check box for type corresponding textbox for #)
Robot ends in auto zone? (check box if yes)
does the robot end in the auto zone?
Stack of bins? (if 3 yellow bins stacked check box if yes)
stack three yellow bins?
Do they get bins from center  (check box if yes)
get bins from center?

Not in other categories
OPR! OPR! OPR! 

Pit Scouting
teams of two 
height (two text boxes. one for feet one for inches)
height: feet
inches
Picture (yasha do this idk how to)
Drivetrain (list numerous different types of drivetrains with radio button)
we need to ask andrew which the different types of drive trains will be
where do they store totes (in/out) (radiobutton for in and out)
Where do they start (1,2,3 zone radiobutton)
Teams programming language (list all the types they may use with radio buttons)



Fouls 

Teach people fouls and give text box
Ask field crew to announce fouls & teams
Fouls that we care about 
Alliance foul average 
